So I'll clear this and I'll get rid of this inner loop and all of that.
Now an important thing to realize is, you are not only able to set i equal to zero,
you of course may also start with two and and then only get 2, 3, 4.
You also can specify other conditions here, like greater or smaller or equal, anything like that
and I will come back to comparison operators soon and you can also not say that you want to add something
to it, you could also say that it should be set equal to i plus three for example, what would happen now?
We
only get two because after the first iteration where i is two, we add three so we get five
and this condition is no longer satisfied,
we also can subtract this value or decrement it.
So now we're subtracting one from i upon each iteration
but if I now hit run, we would have a problem because this would be an infinite loop. We have i equal
to,
we subtract one up on each round and our exit condition is that i gets bigger than 5 or our continue
condition is that i is smaller than five.
Now this loop would never get exited because since we decrement i, we would always be smaller than five
.
So here, we should change this and say only keep this running as long as i
is bigger than one
for example. If I now hit run, we only see two,
so we only make one round because we start with two, subtract 1 and we are 1,
so this is no longer satisfied.
This is how you can play around with loops and how you can set the variable here, i,
and of course you could use another name as well as the way you want it and need it for your program to
work correctly.